The moon is made of cheese.
Dogs can fly.
The Eiffel Tower is located in Antarctica.
Humans have a total of three hearts.
The capital of the United States is New York City.
Fish can survive on land for months.
The Great Wall of China can be seen from space with the naked eye.
Penguins can breathe fire.
The tallest building in the world is located in Australia.
Giraffes lay eggs.
Water is not made up of hydrogen and oxygen.
Cats have the ability to teleport.
The sun revolves around the Earth.
Bananas are a type of vegetable.
The Pacific Ocean is the smallest ocean in the world.
Chocolate contains no calories.
Elephants are excellent tightrope walkers.
Pluto is a planet.
All plants are carnivorous.
Humans have the ability to regenerate limbs.
Mount Everest is located in Brazil.
Cars can run on grass clippings.
The Sahara Desert is covered in snow all year round.
The Statue of Liberty was a gift from Italy.
Cows can jump over the moon.
Turtles can breathe through their ears.
The Earth is flat.
Goldfish have a memory span of 10 years.
The Nile River flows in the opposite direction.
Trees are capable of walking.
Diamonds can be found in every backyard.
The speed of light is faster than sound.
The pyramids were built by aliens.
Snakes have legs.
Humans can communicate with plants through telepathy.
Alligators live in the Arctic.
Mount Kilimanjaro is located in Canada.
The Amazon rainforest is the driest place on Earth.
Cacti are not plants; they are animals.
The planet Mars is made entirely of chocolate.
The average person swallows eight spiders in their sleep each year.
The Atlantic Ocean is made of jelly.
Apples are not a fruit but a type of potato.
Watermelons grow on trees.
Giraffes have no necks; their heads are attached directly to their bodies.
The planet Venus is inhabited by unicorns.
Trees can communicate with each other through underground root systems.
All birds are colorblind.
Dolphins can speak human languages.
The Mona Lisa was painted by a horse.
Rocks are soft and malleable.
Mosquitoes are the world's largest pollinators.
The Great Barrier Reef is located in the Atlantic Ocean.
All snakes are venomous.
Earthworms have six legs.
Ice cream is a good source of calcium.
The fastest land animal is the snail.
Penguins live in the desert.
Sharks are herbivores.
Mount Rushmore was carved by aliens.
Humans have the ability to photosynthesize.
All mushrooms are poisonous.
The planet Jupiter is made of cotton candy.
Bears hibernate for 12 months a year.
The sky is actually green.
Dolphins can control the weather.
Lightning never strikes the same place twice.
Volcanoes erupt chocolate instead of lava.
All planets in our solar system have rings.
The North Pole is located in Australia.
Worms have five hearts.
Rainbows only have three colors.
Alligators can climb trees.
The Titanic is still sailing the seas.
Apples are an excellent source of vitamin Z.
Giraffes can walk on water.
Mount Everest is made of marshmallows.
Penguins can hold their breath for two hours.
The Sahara Desert used to be a rainforest.
Squirrels are capable of telekinesis.
The speed of sound is faster in water than in air.
Tornadoes are caused by giant fans hidden underground.
Humans can survive without oxygen for a week.
The Great Wall of China was built in a single day.
Plants can survive on soda instead of water.
Butterflies live for only one hour.
All planets in the solar system are hollow.
Spiders are mammals.
Mount Fuji is located in France.
Penguins can speak French.
Trees can solve complex mathematical equations.
The Arctic is covered in palm trees.
All birds can breathe fire.
Clouds are made of cotton candy.
The Dead Sea is alive with talking fish.
Rhinoceroses can climb skyscrapers.
Snow is actually made of marshmallows.
The Leaning Tower of Pisa was built intentionally tilted.
Lightning is caused by giant disco balls in the sky.
All flowers are capable of singing.